Skip to content

WeeklyTelcon_20161025

Jeff Squyres edited this page Nov 18, 2016 · 1 revision

Open MPI Weekly Telcon


  • Dialup Info: (Do not post to public mailing list or public wiki)

Attendees

  • Geoff Paulsen
  • Jeff Squyres
  • Brad Benton
  • Brian Barrett
  • Edgar Gabriel
  • Geoffroy Vallee
  • Howard Pritchard
  • Josh Hursey
  • Joshua Ladd
  • Nathan Hjelm
  • Ralph Castain
  • Ryan Grant
  • Sylvain Jeaugey
  • Todd Kordenbrock

Agenda

Review 1.10

  • Milestones
  • 1.10.x
    • Still no drivers for a 1.10.5.

Review 2.0.x

  • Wiki

    • #2234 COMM_SPAWN broken: status?
      • Perhaps the problem is in the MPI layer...? Not really sure that it's in the PMIx layer.
      • Need someone to look at the MPI layer.
      • @hjelmn mentions that we re-wrote a bunch of comm CID stuff on master and brought it to v2.1.
      • Ralph confirmed: v2.1 and v2.0 both failing COMM_SPAWN
        • Ralph looks: PMIx between the two are identical.
        • Nathan marked 2215 a blocker -- it's the CID rewrite stuff.
        • Jeff will check out this PR and try it out to see if it fixes the problem.
        • If this fixes the problem, Nathan thinks it might not be hard to port this to v2.0.x.
        • Side effect: fixing scaling of COMM_SPLIT_TYPE. Yay!
      • Report from Orion P: we need to fix COMM_SPAWN for v2.0.x
    • #1831: Communication rate degradation: status?
      • Arm's graph doesn't show 2.0.x results. Will have to ask.
    • C++ compile error -- missing a PR from master (remove useless / duplicate commit). It's on v2.1.
      • Missing this commit on v2.0.x: c530b0a07c79e40eccf054bfc29260fcf93f54df
      • Jeff will file a PR for this.
    • v2.0.2 schedule:
      • Close bugs this Friday, Oct 28
      • Aim to release Fri Nov 4
  • Milestones

    • 2.1.0
      • PMIx 1.2.0: status?
        • PR 2286: will update to PMIx v1.2.0rc1. Testing is looking good. Two outstanding issues -- both should be done this week:
          • Update to Get
          • One thing Boris is working on.
        • Estimate release PMIx v1.2.0 this time next week.
        • People please try it out!
      • Yoda BTL fixes: status?
        • Boris has been doing some testing. Just finding a fragmentation issue so far -- should be a 1-line change. Working on it, but should be able to open a PR soon.
  • Master dev

    • PR #2285: enabling orte to use libfabric
      • Please go test it!
      • Uses RDM messaging
      • @hppritcha would like to test, but will not be able to test until next week
  • SPI - http://www.spi-inc.org/

    • Still waiting for official invitation
  • Discussion about Nightly snapshot versioning.

    • Jeff proposed a nomenclature. Has not been implemented yet.
  • MTT change to AWS

    • Status
  • OMPI BOF is Wed Night at SC16

New Contribution agreement / Consent agreement / Bylaws.

  • Patent clause protection change proposal.
    • Could put this language in the disclaimer signoff.
    • Either don't care or want to change this.
  • Official notice: Members will hold a formal vote in 2 weeks (Oct 25) to vote on new bylaws.
  • Comment that driver for this is no longer there, since they've become a member.
  • Comment that this new bylaw is driving towards way other open source projects are managing this.
  • Comment that 2 week notice for official votes is highly preferable.
  • Geoff Paulsen will send out notice, and ask for comments to devel mailing list.
  • Geoff Paulsen will send out voting notice to devel-core for Oct 25th vote.

Voting results; members:

  • Cisco: yes
  • ORNL: yes
  • UH: yes
  • LANL: yes
  • Mellanox: yes
  • Sandia: yes
  • Nvidia: yes
  • Intel: yes
  • Inria: yes
  • Dresden: absent
  • HLRS: absent
  • Tennessee: absent
  • Indiana: absent
  • RIST: absent

Totals:

  • Yes: 9
  • No: 0
  • Abstain/not present: 5

Contributors (no voting privileges, but who expressed an opinion):

  • AMD: yes
  • Amazon: no opinion
  • ARM: conceptual ok
  • IBM: yes

Review Master MTT testing (https://mtt.open-mpi.org/)

MTT Dev status:

Website migration

  • Done! No need to be on future agendas.

Open MPI Developer's Meeting


Status Update Rotation

  1. LANL, Houston, IBM
  2. Cisco, ORNL, UTK, NVIDIA
  3. Mellanox, Sandia, Intel

Back to 2016 WeeklyTelcon-2016

Clone this wiki locally
You can’t perform that action at this time.